Standard integrations that emit custom metrics (#4771)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/custom_metrics.md

---
title: Custom Metrics Billing
kind: faq
aliases:
  - /integrations/faq/what-standard-integrations-emit-custom-metrics/
---

## Overview

In general, [custom metrics][1] refers to any metrics that are not part of the regular integration suite, for example using custom checks or API-level metrics in your application stack.

> * Billable count is based on average number of `custom metrics / hour` for the month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Billable count is based on average number of `custom metrics / hour` for the month**.
```

Author: I don't like bolding entire sentences.

* Pro plans include 100 custom metrics per host.
* Enterprise plans include 200 custom metrics per host.
* The number of metrics is averaged across all paid hosts.

> * Additional custom metrics packages can be purchased.

Reviewer: Should we link to sales@datadoghq.com here?

Author: Sales is linked in the line below.

Contact [Sales][2] or your [Customer Success][3] Manager to discuss custom metrics for your account.

### Standard integrations

> Some standard integrations can potentially emit custom metrics.

Author: ```suggestion
The following standard integrations can potentially emit custom metrics.
```

> Integrations limited to 350 metrics by default that emit custom metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrations limited to 350 custom metrics by default:
```

* [ActiveMQ XML][4]
* [Go-Expvar][5]

> Integrations with no default limit that emit custom metrics: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrations with no default limit over the amount of custom metrics emitted: 
```
